## Actionables and Important Points from Meetings [[Meeting Points](#meeting-points)] [[Task Details](#task-details)] 


### POCs for September 2021 [Gaurav, Ajay, Vibhu]

| Plans for this Month  | Status |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| [Introduction to Open-source](#introduction-to-open-source) | INPROGRESS |
| Resource collection: language, CP, DSA, ML, Course work and Prev year papers  | INPROGRESS  |
| Long term projects intialization and team setup  | TODO  |
| GSOC and other OS programmes Process and Details | TODO |

<br/>

Long term projects:
* Time Table - centralised and sharing
* ACM CSS PEC official App
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### Task Details
###  Introduction to Open-source :
* Basics and Benefits of Open-source workshop (Sun - 12th Sep - 5 pm): Ajay, Vibhu, Shubh
* Starting out with OS: Bhavesh, Tejas
  * First PR Video (5-7 mins)
  * Instructions and links to system setup (VSCode, Gitlens)
* Making beginner friendly Issues - DSA, CP, JS, HTML+CSS, operating system: Gaurav, Tejas
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### Meeting Points

[2021.Sep.14] Workshop planning:
* Intro session to be conducted on Sun ,i.e., 19 Sept (unless some unforeseen engagement gets scheduled that day)
* Three areas to focus on with a descending order of priority :
  - opening issues and preparing the repos for contribution
  - ppt presentation
  - video content
* GSoc session will be held separately ( after the first intro session ) 
* Resources collected, to be merged into the repo
* Dev projects and logistics related to Project Showcase will be considered later on (possibly the end of this month) so as to prepare ground for Hacktober Fest

<br/>

[2021.Sep.7] Intro to OS discussion:
* Move to MOMs format instead of video recordings of meetings and move everything to github.
* Introduction to OS workshops and videos -> details and assignment
* Future project discussion
